I want to join a contest:

Website Builder Contest

Friends, we are happy to announce Website Builder Contest.

Prize Pool: $15'000
Deadline: June 30, 2024
Subscribe for updates: @tonkeeper_news

Task

Design and mark-up a single web page about 🔋Tonkeeper Battery. The goal of the page is to explain what this feature does and its key use cases: gasless payments and swaps for USDT, Notcoin and other tokens; NFT transfers; funding with in-app purchases or crypto. 
See our announcements in this channel for more details.

Requirements

- Use mostly factual information, but feel free to make up some numbers if they were not published yet.
- Make your own graphics.
- Responsive design (desktop+mobile).
- Fun graphics and visualizations are a plus.
- Optimized use of bandwidth: img compression, low js overhead are a plus.
- Adhering to the current Tonkeeper style is not a requirement.

Prizes

Top-3 get big prizes and an invitation to work on one of our projects; the rest of Top-10 get complimentary prizes.

Submit a link to your work, your Telegram username and TON address by email to contest@tonkeeper.com.


About tonkeeper battery
🔋Tonkeeper Battery

We are excited to announce a major new feature: Tonkeeper Battery. It is in public beta and available on all mobile platforms starting today.

Tonkeeper Battery removes an obstacle for newcomers: you can get a stablecoin or an NFT and use them right away without acquiring native coins to pay for gas. You won’t need to go to an exchange, pass KYC checks, enter a lot of details only to buy a random amount of coins you did not think you needed.

With Tonkeeper Battery you will never have to worry about gas anymore. Top up your battery with a banking card or a stablecoin, and use all features of your wallet right away.

How does it work?

With Tonkeeper Battery you can receive tokens (stablecoins, NFTs etc.) and make payments with a token — without going to an exchange to buy coins to cover blockchain fees. Tonkeeper Battery pays your fees for you, automatically.

You can charge the battery with one tap using in-app purchases, or with TON or stablecoins. Send a few dollars worth of stablecoins or TON to a special address: battery.ton and it will automatically apply charges to your account.

Tonkeeper Battery is denominated in charges, each charge covers the fee of a simple TON transfer transaction. More complex transactions may consume 5, 10 or more charges.

Start using battery today